[Music]
What's up kids welcome back to another day
on my channel I hope you're
enjoying the long weekend if you have
Andalusia or the beginning of the week if you
're somewhere else we're
here gossiping and we have a little topic
today a person came who has
n't been on this channel for a long time
good time but for for not for her on
her own two feet she passed through the hand of
a hater mieres project lately she would
n't need to talk to me
lately I've noticed in my area and
wii michu maybe they do things
to get attention maybe to
appear on channels undo things although
then there are people who say no that it's to
give their opinion but of course I know
when she uploads a tweet in which she messes
with all the Andorran youtubers let's see
normal that I want to know what is so
ugly you want to be in the eye of the hurricane
without problems problem of mentioning her and
in taking out videos of salt if they are about her
but don't report them anymore but do
n't report us please family
on this occasion we are going to comment on a
podcast that has made me  I'll assert it, I don't know
if it's an interview as such but I would
say no, a podcast chatting and
let's see what little things he said do you think I'll do, has he
thrown some barbs or
some innuendo of his or will it be
podcasts calm down well let's see it, I do
n't know who it is okay I have no idea
who the guy from the podcast is at all I have
never seen him absolutely ever in my
life his name is reindeer like the ones in
Santa's sleighs I should prepare my
script to record the videos guys did you
notice the joke I just made no
but let's see that
feminist activists have been canceled and I'm not
defending it I'm not saying they did the right thing
but to put it like that tweets from
10 or 12 years ago are worth looks from five years old
tweets of [ __ ] [ __ ] and these people are
never going to have a space on social
media again ever again I'm not
going to be the one to judge if that's the
right thing to do no but nevertheless it's not
surprising that someone is canceled for beating up
their partner I
paid for parturition during childbirth and after
six  months nobody remembers and this
person continues doing their things on the
internet and continues to socialize
normally and nobody points it out it's not worth it let's
see let's go by parts, I mean I
agree in part with what has been said and it is that it
was one it works like that on the internet
but we have seen it with enormous things we
have seen it with things like there are ton
gameplays they made an incredible funa the
sweat the visits grew but
sometimes you are basically referring to the
[ __ ] of that so [ __ ] of Satan she is
a very progressive twitterer very very very very
progressive who is the typical one who is dedicated in
her social networks there pointing out to
everyone what is right what is
wrong and hey don't do this she is very capable
and tista don't use this word because it
is very sexist what they managed the other thing
that have been brought to light tweets if I am
not mistaken super racist fathers of the
lamb he was putting it here on
screens and finds them because it has gone
viral I mean I think it was like
last month and it went viral of course what happens
is that the league of  my area
has actually participated in collaborations and that
trust him valentine things and is
next to the local campaign involved which is
what happens because he says I'll do it that okay there are
times when I'm there and they fund you for
things from many years ago and
then there are times when they cancel someone
for something very big and as
the months go by they forget and it's that
literally how Inda Reig is and correct
Caribbean 74 points for Gryffindor the
internet has two important things one
nobody forgets and two everyone forgets them
literally it's like that one they will always
haunt you for the things and the [ __ ] you've
done they will always always
see you and years will go by maybe it will be
something from seven years ago and they will throw it
in your face look at the tweet you posted in
2013 always but nevertheless when
something really serious happens imagine being
canceled on the internet you go viral and
for a month you have to bury your
head in the sand as if it were a
whole ostrich point and a week later someone
else is canceled or another
viral topic and people ignore your ass but
damn if I remember correctly  I'll do it, it's been the
same since 2016 now it's a
little bit better for our mask
and it's not even close now let's see what
our mask is doing because in fact
with the energy issue it was pulling it
could take compared to
three years ago and it's calmer it's
calmer this in their group they don't forget
but after more calm these icons every
time they move they start from the group the
mother I don't know what to share tweet from
Dallas from 2013 and 2014 and it's whatever
the width of the funnel doesn't depend on who
is the canceled one, what do I know with
time and a lot of reflections and
listening to other girls who do it is
Trinity so I think that mostly what I
shouldn't know is a
public focus you know I pose because there have to be
people who see it as [ __ ] great to pay
for what I know because they write their
name on your ass I'll do it I hate the
economy no no that I know mine the
economy in audio who hates it is
Agustn who has said that he hates the
economy and that I wish the world moved
through bartering
you have been  tremendous point with the
people out there making content
trying what is done to other types
of things even if it is fun
interesting whatever and go internet
up to four low in other places and
that's it you know but the basic problem
I was referring to the internet sorry I was
thinking about the internet
where you want and I like to be able to another
market to change liked
black humor not at all
gustavo borner or see
[Music]
that is that you do not understand
black humor and it is like a loving making
black humor before I started
sucking tits you know it
is not humor it is not humor it is always a
bad day x they called h but humor is not it is not
funny you do not have thanks
you sent me and in its day but she has loved
the subject she throws it on tiptoes
Beijing to the mother not very directly
but since Bill made peace with
Dallas they have thrown barbs
so much uy michu we have seen wing
michu many times and throwing barbs and
sharing tweets that they got into
living together for the tweets of 2013 when
then there is he does not like to have
his things thrown in his face  2013 and I will
also have shared some tweets in
which they mess with Biden for the subject of
tweets of well the dark humor the
dark humor that he did not have thanks to what is
the boy's name is that it is super that very
easy he was reported because he said something
about down syndrome to visuals
although it is not funny until it stops being funny I do
not have a very
cordial relationship how many visuals we follow each other on
networks the times that we have needed
something from each other cool we have spoken
well but I do not like the humor too much
beast for me you intuit this for example I have
put no so that they condemn him to
jail as they were asking I do not
expect the you and this one about down syndrome
seems to me to be in such bad taste that you [ __ ] it
is not because it is very final and anything but it is that I do
not like the humor of the visuals
of today nor did I like the humor
of wish michu in 2013 nor do I like to see
weak and I understand that today
well you do not do it I know that there are people who
maybe do not do it so that you do not
cancel you and follow people who do not
because really that shame
obviously when we talk about something
from 2003 we're talking about an avalanche
almost a decade ago. I don't think any of
those watching this video
represent them today or at least
I want to think something from a decade ago.
People who what happens is that later they say they've
changed and then they let out a burst of steam it came
out in a burst of steam envelopes with
motifs in the end this differentiates us
a lot from 2013 but no no I never
like it sometimes it's true that there may
be some black humor joke
that makes you laugh because it
has jokes like Nora Beat falls and
a mischief that makes you laugh but
the vast majority don't make me laugh on a
personal level the vast majority are
extremely a thousand times more serious and
the consequences are not even 20
percent
I'm missing a bit of balance if
we look at a case of a kid, the
boy of this energy that football came out
who spoke to minors or who asked for
photos does anyone remember since nobody
remembers anymore man come on listen to me what do you remember
man we're not going until all of
us have had enough of our whole [ __ ] lives  Speaking of
which, you're not going to be
talking about energy every day, but what
energy does now is keep raising
rates as if nothing good had happened, let's
see if they're giving it a hard time with
the comments when the teacher first sends you
to look for chairs, having breakfast
before going to kindergarten, already in a plan,
what else can you do? No,
I don't think anyone will stop
relating the image of energy. I don't
think anyone will stop relating it to
what has happened. I don't think anyone will
stop relating energy anymore, never. I don't
know what I could prove otherwise and
their arguments, the truth is that they were
quite weak. Let's give it there. I don't
think anyone,
the Salc channels or the
YouTube channels don't
go all day long, for the rest of their lives, talking about energy, but I think that every time we remember it, whatever comes up, his name is enough, linked to what is and continues
live,
everyone happily does their content, it still has
its audience as always, that's why
today, what are topics that pass, pass
the page very quickly, in intervals,
people who forget very soon,
sincerely, I wouldn't tell you either, do
kids capable of  tweet now I think
that the reputation obviously at a
general level has been blown and with good reason
if you continue creating content and there are people who don't
give a damn and keep
watching it they don't throw soda at you in part it
's also true but whatever happens
in youtube wars you've seen it
with a lot of anime when on
youtube you are fighting with another in the
end unless it is whatever it is something
like doing jairo blog or something like that
8am plana not the big plan itself
but come on I planas has 10,000
1% but never 100% of the people
cancel a youtuber there's always
someone or I mean when two people
are debating publicly there's always
someone in the public who gets
a part you never get and you're not going to get to
convince one hundred percent of
the audience, that is to say the
cancellation parties if they don't have an objective are
useless we're already talking about the
summary of that the objective has to be
or to get that person to leave me
social networks the social networks that
have the networks those people from the
networks those very drastic people and  that
person is using social media to
be a predator and it's a danger that
that person has social media and it
endangers someone that that person has social
media yes but it's very difficult that they
can see why the authorities would
close anyone's social media but without a
goal it's absolutely useless
the goal of the tannery was to warn
other people of course when
someone is canceled that person is already
exposed at least the
people who chatted with him or whatever are
careful not to approach
him I mean even a lot of people bring us closer
to him because of reputation it doesn't
seem like it twitter for a day according to
everyone I would find a
specific person and that's it and what
often happens with profiles like that of this
guy who appears who are well
those grumer sound whatever is that the
cancellation party doesn't have a
goal the goal is to make jokes
make me month and even there is no goal to
point it out and spread the story that
the victims tell right me when the
time energy thing came out I was
talking about why we aren't talking
to the victims I mean because the
victims aren't being the powerful voice
of this movement but they were not
having  there is one thing that happened with my harem
and it is that when the energy thing she in her
environment was occupied that she could have
perfectly well called
a victim as a former prime that as
influence that she would have given you on
your channel for example with that would be a
good thing that
the victim could have done through your channel and
interview the youth instagram or
whatever that does not give voice okay but
she dedicated herself to putting indirect things that
from my point of view derive against
the other time my problem with you making
memes when you discover that someone is at
least a predator are not the memes
as such my problem is that I think
how many of those that I got on the
meme train opposition are on the side of the
victim and would offer jce your support
if necessary my answer ends
counting on an experience that
could say little about itself very few people
of those who today are breaking the consucc
memes will remember those
victims tomorrow and perhaps by the time they
need that support they will see themselves converted
into just another anecdote and she says this
from her experience and well then
twist like this  they shared them and
lus michu but with a vengeance like
dallas was exposing energy and those with
batilly's voice more criticism and such
her wing michu the digital role
sharing videos like
dallas is not the right one to expose
energy and it's like aunt overcomes fight that has already
happened you have taken it to
court they judged the boy
also threw in 2018 for the issue of
minors and it was all a brutal pantomime to
make life already until it is that
sincerely man I knew this girl
in her day you all know it is not this
boy would not have gone far he
cannot overcome it if it had not been for
encountering the movement this truth and I believe I
believe it is a personal opinion I
believe that also very influenced and
influenced by the mother because I believe
that the mother has behaved as if she
were an image girlfriend of hers since the
thousands themselves many times sometimes
I think that she will do me even
if she had not been so influenced
by her mother that in the end she would have turned the
page sooner or later because
all the movements are counted in all
the policies of mieres up to the mother
the  dog the mother
the breakup when dallas made the video
saying that the one who took some
conversations from the computer that she
for the mother's mother told her this
the mother that the things she has had
with the mother is that the mother did
public relations with other youtuber
was pending and I think that this
kid or look valid pulled from the heart I
say it would be like Christina and neither or
any of those yes already the girls in the
position that she was and the fame that she had
the roll would have passed the subject of those
that you can already like more or less the
roll that she had of feminism of this
of the others that is not that she closed her
roll because not even she herself believed in
feminism before she started to say
that she is an abused woman she passed
of feminism even criticized it to her
roll her thing commenting on
humorous videos funny videos the kid would be
like Christina and those people be with a
lot of supplies like presenting this
presenting that with marks you know
permission they closed themselves off on the subject of
feces really kill them it seems that we
have to have a super
formed opinion  and elaborated on absolutely
everything and this is something that happened to me in
2016 when I started to train in
feminism that was very good for me to train
in feminine making videos talking about
the subject helps me to continue training and
what people will train with me I don't know I don't
regret that fact at all I
endure in this regard I think that it's not that she will
train in feminism because
feminism will interest her and why
suddenly change the ideology I think she
used feminism as a weapon to go
against Dallas she was interested in taking
that position hey look listen to me I am
a victim of gender violence
feminism everything against machismo
because that's how I am I don't think it was her
by herself whether it's a person of her
age and such at that time and being able to have
succeeded because it is that she
could have succeeded have you imagined
if by the time that I arrived she was
the most I remember when I did
the interview with her it was as if I were
doing an interview
the interview of people
was not very accessible as if I were doing
an interview I am telling you to a
friend you know something in fact it was
much better for me when she is going to count the
falls well it was 40 in itself but not because she
was with him or not but what
influenced her the portal with him the thing he
had with the cognac horta with the couple
like all the short couples for the ex
couples we had and he finds her on
the street hello how are you parents but judges
therefore couple well because of the dog
like the rule move to the best possible and you
cut the relationship for the end in
such a way but that if the thing of the
way of leaving it that he had according to what with what
with the whole conversation that he
read not about the mother telling him about the
trip to Thailand keep the trip to
Thailand I don't know what then the thing about the
dog the thing about the complaints I
know that we do not shoulders the complaints
that this girl makes she is very badly advised
because she would not have had the need to
have spent the money that she will have
spent lawsuits that she has lost but
how much money will she have lost lawsuit is
that she does not earn a moon the money that she has
lost not only in lawsuits the
money that she has left  of winning for not
doing well in the studies network with the
money that this girl could be earning
guys I saw that she had art on
her she was a nice monkey with a poster
contained couple in the distance for
a few months that she is with the fight with the
controversy not like those that happen when we
hook up with someone we do not have a
fight with someone else but if she
then the years go by I think that the
mother do you think that at some point she can
resume her career in the networks man yes yes
yes let the page turn like that
if she does not let the page turn because in the
end she always has the odds against her
because she is not right in anything about
this issue she is right it is nothing between
the accusations that support them but of
course not fix things turn the page
look family I'm starting over
this was an episode that they give and I would
remind them of the episode of their past
nobody could hold it against her if she
had turned the page thank you can take it
out because it would be obsessive to hold it against her
no no it would be complicated
but everything is possible in this life
worse things have raised their heads but the
problem is that she does not turn the page the last
moment where she had to  I know it was the
Forney tournament of the blond, whether it was a
little stubbornness of Tula of things that would be
to her today would have been the
squid as we have all been God if she
was already famous when I began to
imagine now where would she be you do not turn
pages you do not realize that there is no and
that there you are not going to achieve what
happened in that country life is not going to come out there
and it is how many years that she has lost
we are 67 years old 67 years
creating content and on YouTube in your little
son in fact it would be through the roof
God I think she is badly advised from
now cameras that nothing because I think they
advised her not to be
on the networks even if she did it live
while she was reporting so that she does
not say this to tell us the other
so that I know it
is your life and there is that thing of your partner for
the people who support her that they support
you but you to your content but yes there
came a time there came a point in
which to decide to stop doing dissemination
on social networks is another thing is that I
specifically that they are going to put a tweet that
has to do with feminism but already  I don't
do any dissemination of feminism I
remember recently I made a statement I think it
was the last time I answered her in
something she released a statement saying that
she had sued me and that later
in revenge I was a witness to the
dog thing when it was the other way around when I was
cold from losing Tuesday why
lie about something if it's already
lying about things like why lie about
something when there are papers and Rosa who won't
give me paper first I was a witness to the
dog thing and then you sued me and in
fact I was a witness to the dog thing because you
started to give me war with other
things a year ago I think that there are
many that content that some
do it intentionally others
surely intentionally but there is a lot of
manipulation
a lot of manipulation in
the world of influencers
youtubers streamers as
commented some people do it
intentionally because they are the
most manipulative people in charge
[Music]
end
said and I agreed on the video crying
about something they boarded on board the
video crying that she also
supported they didn't agree on the video of the album
and telam the milestone these people who  they
agreed to become sophisticated
hop visits some would even say that if they
are sociopaths others can win being
manipulators but circumstantially
in the end for example in an argument if
now I fight with you we will both be
trying to manipulate the situation to
take our ground to give the
truth not wanting to have the truth about
a person is already manipulating no I mean
when you argue with another person I
am not trying to manipulate my
audience to make them believe that I am the one who is
right the first thing is that I am
always right that is the first
and the second is that when I am
fighting with someone calls that is why I
always challenge them to debates that laugh at the
subject you know that you debate for a
spectacle in fact one the subject
debates is because I are convinced
that I am right that I faced
without preparing the people face to face
so that we can discuss and also I
am one of the people I think one of the few I was going to
say but well I don't know says a
little no but I am of the people and you
cannot deny this to me that if I was
confused about something I recognize it I was not
right
but we can talk we can discuss
but  I never tried to manipulate
people to be light something not for anyone
because in the end lies have a
very short path because only you know
from experience a situation we do not
talk about manipulation as if it were
something like a manual movie if we do not
talk about certain behaviors
certain comments certain attitudes
that make people can lead themselves
more with you older than another person
when there are great streamers or great
youtubers who have a pique between
them they send between quotes to the funds
to fight and after the sweet bread
pl elite no guys I do not think it is
getting into this if you are going to harass it is not
equally bad it is supported by whoever
beat this dick that well then
after days after hours in
that way guys I do not want you to go
harass the moment and during the
next 17 hours of harassment has not said
anything
to me for javi because I have told you
many times do not go to any I
always say it respect for all
people respect for all people not
only me to the people of this
combine the direct but to any
person in the chat and the streams  that we are
literally she put me
in one of the in the lawsuit she
gave me insults that I did not do that is
why I have pitbull now in the chat and they
allow us to be disrespectful neither to
her nor to the boy nor to any of the
protagonists of the videos that we see
because it is that literally then they put you in
lawsuits as if you were responsible for
what there is put a third party you know that
even any person who supports
her so that she files the lawsuit
can come to my chat and enjoy
it to understand or rather what is my fault
for the rest before the zero and those
responsible for what I say and they
put you in the d that is why it is very
important that you always have pitbull
in the chat and throw the stone and hide
the hand yes exactly there are many
points of manipulation and sometimes there are
people who generate certain like certain environments
certain auras around their
person that make their fans can
be even more I do not know idealize them more
in general I think that as a
content creator part of your responsibility is
that you have fans is to make sure that your
fans materialize I show you in
plane will recognize the mistakes above all
recognize your mistakes because many do not
recognize their mistakes and when they do not
recognize their mistakes is when these
losses left the children or the people
including the child who led us to
think about the children I know that you all
think that I am perfect but of course
I do not have a child in the chat this
contributes to the most than for nothing because they
always say that he has children I do not
I have an older wife no no no no no it is not for
me I think he is going to give it
because they always say that Dallas has
children 28 years will pass and Da will continue to
have children in her followers that
I will not go to Elise when I always
follow my ideal size and Saif to the bag
and perfect and she gifts in her mistakes well
no those of us who in the end end up
martyring ourselves and eating our heads and
feeling guilty that is true when
you have it youtubers who have 12 thousand
subscribers 20 thousand subscribers 5 thousand
subscribers and on top of that have the courage to
insult
78 hours total I am a total serious case
but here I agree with you completely she is the one
who sends balls a payment that she starts
insulting people of her  chat also
salsa mine now it's true that I
donate to you and on top of that you insult them
but it does make me sad I mean man there's
nothing wrong with wanting to make money with
something that in the end is a job that you
're investing so much time another thing
is that it manipulates that audience to let's
go to get people to
pay you money that has no bone
listen to me we've talked about this
many times since it's [ __ ] great to
have agile goals auditor the reason it's
[ __ ] great to have cool goals for
example I want to have as many
subscribers as possible the best but of course who
wants to be able to contribute the prime
before he takes it and the weight that I
took whoever can become a member on
youtube let the lady act I'm not
interested you support 1,200 members
but there are people who use the pain and that you
can pretend that they are a poor person
who doesn't earn money and that their
car falls down just so they donate more that's
not worth it from my point of view
there you are right the one who talks to people
decided man but it's that if you remember
people from time to time who
can subscribe you're going to have more
subscribers every month and then it
happens to me there are times that I remember it and
then I don't feel well I go out it seems like
you're not going to feel well because you
remember it
is located willing family
everyone member people them to the ceo I think I
feel terrible right now for having said that
but well I know they are begging it happens
to me it happens to me too many
times almost every day I get pure
requests what the
eyes are
and eye here how is this let's see this then
the series of ideas will come that he doesn't do it
to look for controversy or rather I will
criticize other creators to them if he
can criticize I will criticize
other creators but to make matters worse pay
attention to what he says it is content
made for me I don't know that they are not a bore it is
spent in a live store they are
live for two hours and maybe 55 minutes those
hours are in silence with a
lost look moving a video reacting to
a video without commenting absolutely anything about the
video look really if you weren't
friends with such a person I don't know how of
course the machine staff would be orange
and from that to the third stage that
whoever you are, go bring that barb, the shampoo
now, why that barb has gone to someone, the
same thing has said friend, what a couple I know
that she is from what the
twitter interactions that you have been
sending me these months that she has to
cross her Beijing since the villa and not even
Xalapa, be it true, but it's like, [ __ ]
Diaz, now you also want that you did not
become known for being
Dallas' girlfriend, I mean, she herself recognized her, it
's neither bad nor good, it's the same and she has
been known and gives her a push in the
nine euros, nothing bad okay, but I
also know that it pisses you off with the fact
that they will not invite her to any series
and things like that, it was
clarified to her the last time they
invited her something was to the
Rubin tournament that she did not know someone to
put her in or something, no, but look this was
when Alberto the squid finger in
quotes, no, influencers deserve the
same validation as their colleagues, she
is already queen, 6th loader and [ __ ] idea of what
that means, okay, not the powerful and
ok but then  because for a girl it is
five times more difficult to access x
spaces and her aggressor is who knows
who she is referring to with her aggressors they
have open doors and the key on a
silver platter my goodness how toxic
ere fermn like that or rather who is she
criticizing to say her aggressors
can enter events and others not
well the event I am saying them
but this was coincidentally with the
squid egg thing okay like who are you
referring to well you will enter places that you
can enter because you have
contact because you are relevant because
you get along with people but if you
criticize and throw out the people who
organize the event
normally I don't think they will invite you but
then nevertheless three or four
days later there is someone here proposing to create
an event an event or a cooking video
and they sign up and say ok you're signed up meaning
if they invite you you are invited to
the things of the people you
get along with who you don't mess with but if you
are always with the barbs and the
story here maybe not throwing barbs
to see if they go and invite them to the topic of the
evening
here  a colleague of hers says unfortunately
and due to certain circumstances I will not be
able to attend the awards in the
element of serious I had everything prepared
but sometimes things go wrong
and well not bad invited and it turns out and
that's how I am this is a way to get
attention it's a way to get
attention for which they don't invite you know
and it's like well here she's complaining that
the 'twitter' spain account never
puts her or her environment because it
seems that it is run by a fan or a colleague
of the same four people as always
and then she says well the fact is that it doesn't seem like it to me it
is I don't understand
mieres' position she doesn't want to talk to people she
throws barbs at people she attacks people a lot
but then she complains
that I don't invite her to places and as an aunt she
is in good vibes with people others in
what she has to be or I'm going to your thing
with your circle create an event with erc
ido the afore of the other with that one she won't
have a problem because they are wanting to
know everything foot with that one let's go that one shows you
a path on a red carpet and well
family that's all the way to here the video is okay I hope
you have  I liked to put the
comment box what do you think of course
always with respect is always with
respect do not get into trouble always with
respect not only to the
protagonists of the video but you in
the comment box too as the
friends have seen you have seen the same comes
with the same thoughts of war
now have you seen more loaded I
saw them a little with the machine gun ok I have
seen a little with the machine gun dad
dad mom mom distributing a little bit of
bring and I like I like that there is
bring so that there are no topics that
comment so that we go tomorrow
family this next video
[Music] [
Music]